# deFacto_sql_project

### Background
A car dealership, Rensselaer Automotive, has decided to unify its data throughout the entire company and needs a new way to organize, view, and update their data efficiently. Rensselaer Automotive has been in business for over 30 years and recently opened another dealership in Upstate New York. The new dealership is not located near other branches, so it is difficult to monitor their processes and existing data. Rensselaer Automotive has seen a need to consolidate its data and has recently purchased deFacto Global’s corporate performance management software, deFacto Planning, to solve their business needs. Rensselaer Automotive wants to: promptly understand the current source data, configure deFacto Planning software efficiently, transfer the source data into deFacto, and finally use the appropriate tools to report and analyze the data in deFacto Planning.

### Company Challenges
Rensselaer Automotive’s data has been scattered around the company for years and they are desperately seeking a way to store it all in one place. They do not know what type of data they have since some of the data is company-wide information and some is for their individual dealership. In the past, it would take a long time to update data using old methods by manually loading data throughout the company, so entries were either never changed or contained multiple errors. Because of this, customers would be frustrated when they came to the dealership and their information was incorrect. Rensselaer Automotive wants to improve by using the new deFacto Planning software to help increase satisfaction and retain customers. Rensselaer Automotive wants a simplified way of loading accurate data and automatically creating reports that can be seen instantly throughout the company. They think using deFacto Planning will solve their disorganization problems and help them improve their reporting capabilities.

### The Data
Rensselaer Automotive’s data is comprised of multiple source tables that are currently in a SQL Server Database. These tables include customer & employee demographics, product information, a few years of historical purchases, and more. Because this is source data, there could be some missing values and errors (such as incorrect data types) throughout the database. These issues will need to be addressed when the data is transferred into deFacto.
